Visual-Based Forklift Learning System Enabling Zero-Shot Sim2Real
Without Real-World Data

arXiv:2412.11503v2 [cs.RO] 6 May 2025

Koshi Oishi∗,1 , Teruki Kato1 , Hiroya Makino1 , and Seigo Ito1
Abstract— Forklifts are used extensively in various industrial
settings and are in high demand for automation. In particular,
counterbalance forklifts are highly versatile and are employed
in diverse scenarios. However, efforts to automate these processes are lacking, primarily owing to the absence of a safe and
performance-verifiable development environment. This study
proposes a learning system that combines a photorealistic digital
learning environment with a 1/14-scale robotic forklift environment to address this challenge. Inspired by the training-based
learning approach adopted by forklift operators, we employ an
end-to-end vision-based deep reinforcement learning approach.
The learning is conducted in a digitalized environment created
from CAD data, making it safe and eliminating the need for
real-world data. In addition, we safely validate the method
in a physical setting using a 1/14-scale robotic forklift with a
configuration similar to that of a real forklift. We achieved a
60% success rate in pallet loading tasks in real experiments
using a robotic forklift. Our approach demonstrates zero-shot
sim2real with a simple method that does not require heuristic
additions. This learning-based approach is considered a first
step towards the automation of counterbalance forklifts.

I. I NTRODUCTION
Forklifts are essential in various industries, including
factories, logistics centers, ports, and construction sites. In
particular, counterbalance forklifts are central to the industry
owing to their robustness and power, generating significant demand for automation. Recent advancements have
led to the automation of reach-type forklifts, considering
their low power requirements and high maneuverability [1].
In contrast, automating counterbalance forklift operations
requires advanced controllers that can leverage the versatility
and overcome the limited maneuverability of forklifts. As
humans learn these tasks through training, applying deep
reinforcement learning (DRL) to automation is a natural
progression [2], [3], [4]. However, research on its application
to forklifts remains limited, likely owing to the risks of
conducting experiments in real environments and the lack
of training datasets. Therefore, a learning system that can
overcome these challenges is required.
DRL has issues such as the dangers of real-world training
and low sample efficiency. Sim2real, in which a policy is
trained in a digital environment and transferred to the real
1 The authors are with Toyota Central R&D Labs., Inc., 41-1 Yokomichi,
Nagakute, Aichi, Japan.
∗ Corresponding author. e1616@mosk.tytlabs.co.jp
© 2025 IEEE. Personal use of this material is permitted. Permission from
IEEE must be obtained for all other uses, in any current or future media,
including reprinting/republishing this material for advertising or promotional
purposes, creating new collective works, for resale or redistribution to
servers or lists, or reuse of any copyrighted component of this work in
other works.

Fig. 1: Proposed concept. To implement DRL-based control
on a full-scale forklift, we first test sim2real in a smaller
environment. Sim2real is applied to the full-scale forklift
after confirming the safety of the method.

world, is a common strategy for these issues [5]. However,
learning in a digital environment creates a new challenge
known as the domain gap. Various methods have been
proposed to bridge this gap. However, as collecting failure
data poses significant challenges, methods that do not rely on
real-world data are preferable for forklifts. Notable studies
without real-world data include those focusing on soccer and
mountain climbing with bipedal and quadrupedal robots, respectively [6], [7]. These studies used domain randomization,
which randomizes the environment during training [8], [9].
However, the use of visual information in these studies was
limited. Moreover, as opposed to these small-scale robots, the
first validation of a sim2real method using large machines
such as forklifts carries risks, even though safety is verified
in the digital environment.
We propose a practical learning system for automating
counterbalance forklifts in pallet loading tasks involving the
pallet approach and loading decision. In the pallet approach,
a policy is optimized using end-to-end DRL to control the
forklift based on the same visual and velocity information as
that of humans operators. A loading decision policy to perform a loading task is acquired through supervised learning.
Our concept involves training and validation in 1/14-scale

digital and real environments and subsequent extension of
the learning method to full scale after confirming the safety
in these environments, as shown in Fig. 1. Furthermore, to
address the domain gap in which real-world data is lacking,
we use domain randomization with NVIDIA Omniverse
Isaac Sim (Isaac Sim), which is a highly advanced photorealistic digital environment [10]. Constructing this digital
environment requires only CAD data, thereby eliminating
the need for real-world data in training. Moreover, the 1/14scale forklift used in the real environment features frontwheel drive and rear-wheel steering, similar to the fullscale version, and its lift function operates hydraulically.
We developed the 1/14-scale forklift using a robot operating
system (ROS) [11]. This study represents the first step
towards the learning-based control of real counterbalance
forklifts. The contributions of our research are as follows:
• We propose a forklift learning system using a photorealistic digital environment that allows for safe research
and validation.
• We introduce an end-to-end DRL method for visionbased forklift control that focuses on the pallet approach, which does not require real-world data.
• We develop a dataset construction method for the pallet
loading decision policy using a photorealistic digital
environment.
• We demonstrate zero-shot sim2real using a 1/14-scale
forklift.
The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Related works are introduced in Section II. Section III presents
the target tasks and learning setup for the proposed system.
Our proposed learning system that uses a photorealistic
simulator is described in Section IV. Section V outlines the
demonstration in the real environment. Finally, concluding
remarks and future directions are presented in Section V.
II. R ELATED WORK
Research on the automation of counterbalance forklifts has
been limited to date. Walter et al. [12] and Teller et al. [13]
focused on non-learning-based methods that use multiple
LiDAR sensors for environmental perception. However, to
the best of our knowledge, few studies have explored realworld implementations of the automation of counterbalance
forklifts. Hadwiger et al. [14] conducted DRL using visual
inputs on a counterbalance forklift in a digital environment.
However, their method did not address the domain gap issue
sufficiently and was only evaluated digitally.
End-to-end DRL, which acquires policies through training
in a manner similar to human learning, can achieve humanlike performance [2], [3]. Trained human operators play a
central role in operating counterbalance forklifts, contributing to the adoption of the end-to-end DRL method. Common
tasks in DRL applications include navigation and dexterous
manipulation [5], [15]. Forklifts require both navigation and
dexterous operation because the forks are directly attached to
the wheels. In previous research, such tasks were addressed
by using a robotic car for imprecise navigation and a robotic
arm for dexterous manipulation, whereas our task requires

achieving dexterous navigation solely through the wheels
[16].
DRL has been studied extensively in sim2real scenarios
because of the dangers associated with real-world experimentation and the low sample efficiency of such experiments [5],
[8], [17], [18]. Domain randomization is an effective method
for addressing the domain gap in sim2real without relying on
real-world data, and it has been widely used in many studies
[8], [19], [20], [21]. Among these, the research closest to
ours is the study on soccer, in which both navigation and
dexterous manipulation were required [6]. Similar to our
method, this research progressed to the stage of performing
soccer tasks using low-cost onboard cameras [22]. However,
NeRF was employed to achieve vision-based tasks, thereby
negating the advantage of not using real-world data, which
was a key strength in previous studies [23]. Furthermore,
although NeRF is effective for static visuals, it is not well
suited to moving objects such as pallets or loads [24].
Recent advancements have made it possible to create photorealistic digital environments in which human training can
be performed using VR headsets [25]. Mittal et al. [10] and
Yu et al. [26] proposed photorealistic learning systems using
Isaac Sim. Although these studies used photorealistic digital
environments to generate datasets for supervised learning,
they did not report on vision-based DRL. Our study leverages
the photorealism of Isaac Sim and domain randomization to
address the zero-shot sim2real of vision-based DRL, which
does not require real-world data and can adapt to dynamic
environments.
III. V ISION - BASED FORKLIFT CONTROL VIA DRL
This section first describes the targeted tasks, followed by
the learning setup employed by our learning system. The goal
is to develop a forklift controller that can perform forklift
tasks. This study emphasizes the overall learning framework,
including the practical implementation; therefore, we use
simple methods for training.
A. Target task
The target task is the pallet loading operation by a forklift.
It involves randomly positioning the forklift within the
visible range of the pallet and then executing the loading
process. We divide this task into two phases: the approach
to the pallet and the lifting operation. Different policies are
applied to each phase. We use a simple decision policy to
determine whether to lift the pallet. Therefore, the focus is on
the learning method related to the forklift-specific approach
to the pallet. The observation data used for this task include
visual and velocity information, similar to that used by a
human operator. In addition, forklift operators lean to the
sides to check the alignment between the forks and pallets.
Therefore, we installed two cameras on the left and right
sides of the forklift to capture images of the forks and pallets.
B. Policy design for pallet approach
The approach policy is designed to output the throttle
and steering of the forklift based on the visual and velocity

where the clip function smooths the gradients by limiting
the loss changes and ε denotes the clipping parameter.
In addition, Ât is computed using generalized advantage
estimation [30]. Furthermore, Ltvalue (θ ) is obtained by

 
target 2
value
Lt (θ ) = Et Vθ (sst ) − Vt
,
(3)
where Vθ (sst ) denotes the state-value function, Vttarget denotes
the target state-value function, and st denotes the state of the
environment, including privileged information. In addition,
entropy is introduced to encourage exploration, as follows:
H(πθ (·|oot )) = − ∑ πθ (aa|oot ) log πθ (aa|oot ).

Fig. 2: Approach policy design.
inputs obtained from the camera images and velocity data,
respectively. The camera images, which are 352 × 288
RGB images, are first resized to 224 × 224. These resized
images are then converted into feature vectors, Ll ∈ R512 and
Lr ∈ R512 , using a ResNet pretrained on ImageNet [27], [28].
Subsequently, these feature vectors are used as inputs for the
policy. This method was proposed as Resnet as representation for reinforcement learning [29]. No special processing
is required because we use a standard pretrained ResNet
without domain adaptation. In addition, assuming that speed
sensors are installed, we utilize the two-dimensional speed
information v := [vx , vy ]⊤ and yaw rate ω . Finally, we include
the past actions aold1 and aold2 . Thus, the observation space
O is a 1029-dimensional vector space.
The policy network πθ (aa|oo) outputs the normalized throttle and steering commands for the forklift. Here, a ∈ A =
[−1, 1]2 represents the actions and θ denotes the parameters
of the policy network. The network πθ (aa|oo) consists of
five fully connected layers with exponential linear units as
activation functions. The overall structure is shown in Fig. 2.
C. Training method
We use the on-policy reinforcement learning algorithm
proximal policy optimization (PPO) to train the approach
policy πθ (aa|oo) [30]. The following subsections describe the
loss and reward functions employed in our method.
1) Loss function: The actor and critic networks share a
common network, which is optimized using the following
single loss function:
h
Lt (θ ) = Et LtPPO (θ ) + c1 Ltvalue (θ ) − c2H (πθ (·|oot ))
i
(1)
+c3 Ltbound (θ ) ,
where LtPPO (θ ) denotes the loss of the PPO policy, Ltvalue (θ )
denotes the state-value loss, Ht (πθ (·|oot )) denotes the entropy, Ltbound (θ ) denotes the boundary loss, and c denotes
the weight. Moreover, LtPPO (θ ) is determined by


LtPPO (θ ) = −Et min ρt (θ )Ât , clip(ρt (θ ), 1 − ε , 1 + ε )Ât ,
π (aat |oot )
,
ρt (θ ) = θ
πθ old (aat |oot )
(2)

(4)

a

Finally, the boundary loss Lbound is introduced to prevent the
actions from taking excessively large values:
Ltbound (θ ) = kµ (oot )k,

(5)

where µ (oot ) denotes the mean vector of the actions output
by the policy πθ (·|oot ).
2) Reward function: Our reward function consists of positive and penalty rewards for desirable and undesirable states,
respectively. In addition, calculating these rewards uses states
of privileged information that are available in the digital
environment. The deviation from a reference trajectory is
used for the positive rewards. The initial position is the
location of the forklift at the start of the task, and the terminal
position is the pallet. The reference trajectory is based on
the approximation of a clothoid curve, which remains fixed
throughout the task. The positive reward R+ is defined as
follows:
1
1
1
+ α4 rg ,
+ α3
R+ = α1 + α2
(6)
rd
rcd
rcψ
where rd and rcd are the distances from the center of the
forks to the pallet and clothoid curve, respectively, rcψ is
the difference between the orientation of the forks and the
tangent to the clothoid curve, rg ∈ {0, 1} is a special reward
that is assigned when the forks reach the pallet position,
and α represents the weight. The components of R+ are
illustrated in Fig. 3.
As opposed to general navigation tasks, our task requires
inserting the forks without moving the pallet. Therefore, the
penalty rewards are defined as follows:
R− = α5 rp + α6 rv + α7 ra + α8 rini ,

(7)

where


−1 if kvvp k > 0.01,
0
otherwise,

v
−(kv k − 0.07)2 if kvvk > 0.07,
rv =
0
otherwise,

rp =

ra = −kaa − a old k2 ,

−1 if kvvk < 0.05 and rd > 0.3,
rini =
0
otherwise,
where v p is the velocity of the pallet and a old is the
previous action. rp is the penalty for contacting the pallet;

negatively, fluorescent lights were modeled and placed as
shown in Fig. 4c [31]. The 1.8 m space was enclosed
by white walls in the digital and real environments. The
critical dimensions, namely the sizes of the pallet and forklift,
are shown in Fig. 4f. The specifications of the forklift are
discussed in the following section. Isaac Sim allowed for
various randomizations within this digital environment. The
information that was randomized in this study is listed in
Table I. Examples of the floor and lighting randomization
are shown in Fig. 5.

Fig. 3: State used for calculating R+ .
TABLE I: Domain randomization targets
Item
Observed speed
Action
Floor color
Pallet stand color
Pallet and load color
Light intensity
Light temp.

B. Real forklift

Range
±10% of value
±10% of command
±20% RGB
±20% RGB
±20% RGB
100–100000 lm
2000–7500 K

a negative reward is assigned if the pallet starts to move.
rv and ra are penalties that are designed to bridge the gap
between the digital and real environments. Specifically, rv
prevents excessive speed, whereas ra prevents the actions
from becoming erratic. rini is a penalty to prevent the forklift
from freezing at the initial position. Therefore, the reward
function can be summarized as follows:
R = R+ + R− .

(8)

IV. F ORKLIFT LEARNING SYSTEM
Learning-based controls often have black-box characteristics, which makes it challenging to validate them in highpowered, contact-heavy industrial machinery. Therefore, we
constructed digital and real environments on a 1/14 scale.
The digital environment was created using Isaac Sim, which
supports the development of photorealistic environments
[10]. We leveraged the extensive randomization capabilities
and parallel learning features of the tool to address the
domain gap challenges of reinforcement learning. The real
environment was constructed using a ROS [11].
A. Digital and real environment
We constructed digital and real environments for the task
involving approaching a pallet within a 1.8 m square space.
The appearances of the digital and real environments are
shown in Fig. 4.
The forklift was randomly placed within the green triangle
shown in Fig. 4a and made to approach the pallet. This
task relied on the onboard cameras mounted on the forklift
for visual input. Because the forklift does not appear in the
onboard cameras, we simplified its digital model to reduce
the implementation complexity. The objects in the digital
environment were created using CAD data and specifications, without any real-world image capturing. As reflections
are known to affect visual navigation in real environments

For the real-world environment, we modified a 1/14-scale
forklift from LESU, which is a China-based manufacturer
[32]. The dimensions of this forklift were 100 × 310 mm,
and the forks measured 75 × 10 mm. Similar to counterbalance forklifts, this forklift featured front-wheel drive and
rear-wheel steering. In addition, the lift and tilt functions of
the fork were powered by hydraulics.
All computers installed on this forklift were replaced
with a Raspberry Pi 4 single-board computer to implement
the ROS. Raspberry Pi received action a , calculated by
the ground control computer based on the approach policy
πθ (aa|oo), and transmitted these commands to the respective
servos and motors via the servo driver board, as shown in
Fig. 6. Two USB cameras were connected to the Raspberry
Pi; the captured images were sent to the ground control
computer as observation. The cameras were mounted on both
sides of the forklift, as shown in Fig. 4f, and were equipped
with OV5640 sensors and 60-degree field-of-view lenses.
Velocity information was obtained using a motion capture
system. Note that only velocity information was used in our
method. The position data were only used for experimental
evaluation. All control processes were executed at 15 Hz.
C. Digital forklift
The forklift in the digital environment was implemented
using a simplified design, as mentioned in Section IV-A. The
drivetrain components were operated using the Articulationsbased controllers of Isaac Sim. The parameters of these
controllers were configured to match the speed response of
the real forklift to the command inputs closely.
D. DRL on Isaac Sim
We used “OmniIsaacGymEnvs,” which is a parallel learning framework that is based on “rl games” and is available
in Isaac Sim [33], [34]. This tool enables the construction of
multiple environments on the same ground plane, thereby
improving the sampling efficiency. The randomization of
the colors for the pallets and other objects was handled
independently for each environment for domain randomization. We synchronized the task resets and shared the
values for lighting and floor color randomization across all
environments to simplify the implementation.

(a) Digital environment

(b) Side view (digital)

(c) Ceiling (digital)

(d) Real environment

(e) Side view (real)

(f) Sizes of forklift and pallet

Fig. 4: Digital and real environments. (a), (b), and (c) represent the digital environment. The green triangle in (a) indicates
the initial position of the forklift, which is randomly determined at the start of the task. Dorigin denotes the origin. (d) and
(e) represent the real environment. (f) represents the size of the real forklift and pallet. Units are in mm.

(a) 50564 lm, 5407 K, floor (b) 98386 lm, 2336 K, floor
RGB (0.48, 0.59, 0.56)
RGB (0.79, 0.85, 0.59)

(c) 1875 lm, 5304 K, floor (d) 8563 lm, 6578 K, floor
RGB (0.53, 1.00, 1.00)
RGB(0.70, 0.55, 0.99)

Fig. 6: Real forklift control system.

Fig. 5: Example of domain randomization.
dataset.
E. Decision policy for loading
To perform loading, verifying that the approach to the
pallet has been successful is crucial. In this study, we
designed a decision policy that activates when the forklift
is stationary. The decision policy determines whether to
lift the forks after the forklift approaches the pallet using
the approach policy obtained through DRL. This policy
was trained using binary classification through supervised
learning. The training dataset was generated by collecting
camera images from successful and unsuccessful attempts
within the Isaac Sim environment, as shown in Fig. 7.
Consequently, no real-world data were used to create this

V. R EAL DEMONSTRATION
This section presents the results of deploying our method
in a real environment. As our method employs zero-shot
sim2real, the policies trained in the digital environment were
transferred directly to the real environment.
A. Setup
We trained the policies in the digital environment described in Section IV using the method outlined in Section
III. A ground control computer with 96 GB of RAM,
an Intel® Xeon™ Gold 6146 3.2 GHz processor, and an
NVIDIA RTX A6000 was used. The task was performed

(a) Success data

(b) Fail data

Fig. 7: Dataset for decision policy.
TABLE II: Demonstration results
Success rate (%)
Time (s)

Ours
60
6.5

Man A
50
7.7

Man B
40
17.2

Man C
90
24.5

by positioning the forklift within a triangular area, similar to
that during the training in the digital environment, as shown
in Fig. 4. In this demonstration, we repeatedly positioned
the forklift at an initial position, directed it to approach the
pallet, and manually returned it to a new starting position
after each task.
The decision policy for determining whether to lift the
forks was triggered 3 s after the forklift came to a stop. In the
case of a successful approach decision, the forklift followed a
sequence of actions: lifting the forks, reversing, and lowering
the forks to unload the pallet. Successful completion of
the task was dependent on executing the sequence without
dropping the pallet load.
We compared the results of our method with those of
human-operated trials to demonstrate the difficulty of the
task. Human operators controlled the forklift using a joystick,
relying on the same camera images and velocity information
as the approach policy. The operators were provided with
a brief explanation and a 3-min practice session before the
experiment. As hydraulic operation requires experience, the
experiment was considered successful if the operator could
insert the forks at least two-thirds into the pallet.
B. Results
We performed the task 10 times with our learned policies
and the three human operators. The success rates and average
times of the pallet approach required for success are shown
in Table II. The average success rate for human operators
was 60% and the completion time was 16.5 s. Although
Man C achieved a success rate of 90%, he employed a
cautious driving technique, stopping repeatedly and checking
the camera images frequently. This indicates that the task was
not straightforward. Our method achieved a 60% success rate
in the pallet approach task at the highest speed. Figure 8
shows the position and velocity of the forklift forks with
our method during the 10 trials based on the motion capture
system. This result suggests that our approach policy learned
efficient behavior, accelerating initially and decelerating near
the pallet. Furthermore, the success rate of the loading
decisions was 90%. A decision error occurred once when

Fig. 8: Trajectory and velocity of the center of the fork.
The green triangle indicates the range of randomized initial
positions during digital training. As the trajectory represents
the path of the fork, the center of the forklift body is
positioned 0.2 m further back.

Fig. 9: Demonstration of forklift task.

the forks were inserted only on one side. Snapshots of a
successful attempt are presented in Fig. 9.
Our method could produce a controller for forklift tasks
using only visual and velocity data, similar to human operation, although the performance was not ideal. Furthermore,
the experiment was safe and easy to conduct.
VI. C ONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
We have proposed a learning system for a counterbalance
forklift to perform pallet loading tasks using only cameras
and velocity data. In addition, we developed a 1/14-scale
forklift with the same configuration as the 1/1-scale one.
The forklift allows us to validate the trained policies for
safety. Moreover, our method eliminates reliance on realworld data by utilizing a photorealistic environment and
domain randomization. Our approach policy achieved a 60%
success rate through efficient behavior in loading tasks in
real-world experiments. In addition, the forklift could perform loading tasks based on the success or failure of its
approach to the pallet using a decision policy learned from a
dataset constructed with a digital environment. These policies
were implemented through zero-shot sim2real, requiring no
heuristic adjustments. Based on these results, this study presented a practical method for applying learning-based control

to counterbalance forklifts, offering significant potential to
advance automation across various industries.
Future work will extend our training approach and environment to accommodate more diverse scenarios. In addition,
we will incorporate insights from existing studies to improve
the accuracy further and validate these results on a full-scale
forklift.

R EFERENCES
[1] Linde
Material
Handling,
“Automation
for
your
warehouse.”
[Online].
Available:
https://www.linde-mh.com/en/Solutions/Intralogistics-Automation
[2] V. Mnih, K. Kavukcuoglu, D. Silver, A. A. Rusu, J. Veness, M. G.
Bellemare, A. Graves, M. Riedmiller, A. K. Fidjeland, G. Ostrovski
et al., “Human-level control through deep reinforcement learning,”
nature, vol. 518, no. 7540, pp. 529–533, 2015.
[3] S. Levine, C. Finn, T. Darrell, and P. Abbeel, “End-to-end training
of deep visuomotor policies,” Journal of Machine Learning Research,
vol. 17, no. 39, pp. 1–40, 2016.
[4] E. Kaufmann, L. Bauersfeld, A. Loquercio, M. Müller, V. Koltun, and
D. Scaramuzza, “Champion-level drone racing using deep reinforcement learning,” Nature, vol. 620, no. 7976, pp. 982–987, 2023.
[5] W. Zhao, J. Queralta, and T. Westerlund, “Sim-to-real transfer in
deep reinforcement learning for robotics: a survey,” in 2020 IEEE
Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence (SSCI), 2020, pp.
737–744.
[6] T. Haarnoja, B. Moran, G. Lever, S. Huang, D. Tirumala, J. Humplik,
M. Wulfmeier, S. Tunyasuvunakool, N. Siegel, R. Hafner, M. Bloesch,
K. Hartikainen, A. Byravan, L. Hasenclever, Y. Tassa, F. Sadeghi,
N. Batchelor, F. Casarini, S. Saliceti, C. Game, N. Sreendra, K. Patel,
M. Gwira, A. Huber, N. Hurley, F. Nori, R. Hadsell, and N. Heess,
“Learning agile soccer skills for a bipedal robot with deep reinforcement learning,” Science Robotics, vol. 9, 2024.
[7] T. Miki, J. Lee, J. Hwangbo, L. Wellhausen, V. Koltun, and M. Hutter,
“Learning robust perceptive locomotion for quadrupedal robots in the
wild,” Science Robotics, vol. 7, 2022.
[8] J. Tobin, R. Fong, A. Ray, J. Schneider, W. Zaremba, and P. Abbeel,
“Domain randomization for transferring deep neural networks from
simulation to the real world,” in 2017 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), 2017, pp. 23–30.
[9] X. B. Peng, M. Andrychowicz, W. Zaremba, and P. Abbeel, “Sim-toreal transfer of robotic control with dynamics randomization,” in 2018
IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA),
2018, pp. 3803–3810.
[10] M. Mittal, C. Yu, Q. Yu, J. Liu, N. Rudin, D. Hoeller, J. Yuan,
R. Singh, Y. Guo, H. Mazhar, A. Mandlekar, B. Babich, G. State,
M. Hutter, and A. Garg, “Orbit: A unified simulation framework for
interactive robot learning environments,” IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters, vol. 8, pp. 3740–3747, 2023.
[11] M. Quigley, K. Conley, B. Gerkey, J. Faust, T. Foote, J. Leibs,
R. Wheeler, and A. Y. Ng, “Ros: an open-source robot operating
system,” in ICRA workshop on open source software, vol. 3. Kobe,
Japan, 2009, p. 5.
[12] M. Walter, S. Karaman, E. Frazzoli, and S. Teller, “Closed-loop
pallet manipulation in unstructured environments,” in 2010 IEEE/RSJ
International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS),
2010.
[13] S. Teller, M. Walter, M. Antone, A. Correa, R. Davis, L. Fletcher,
E. Frazzoli, J. Glass, J. How, A. Huang, J. Jeon, S. Karaman,
B. Luders, N. Roy, and T. Sainath, “A voice-commandable robotic
forklift working alongside humans in minimally-prepared outdoor
environments,” in 2010 IEEE International Conference on Robotics
and Automation(ICRA), 2010, pp. 526–533.
[14] S. Hadwiger and T. Meisen, “Autonomous load carrier approaching
based on deep reinforcement learning with compressed visual information,” in 2022 5TH International Conference on Artificial Intelligence
for Industries, AI4I, 2022, pp. 48–53.
[15] J. Fu, A. Kumar, O. Nachum, G. Tucker, and S. Levine, “D4rl:
Datasets for deep data-driven reinforcement learning,” arXiv preprint
arXiv:2004.07219, 2020.
[16] F. Schmalstieg, D. Honerkamp, T. Welschehold, and A. Valada,
“Learning hierarchical interactive multi-object search for mobile manipulation,” IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters, vol. 8, pp. 8549–
8556, 2023.
[17] V. Wiberg, E. Wallin, A. Fälldin, T. Semberg, M. Rossander, E. Wadbro, and M. Servin, “Sim-to-real transfer of active suspension control
using deep reinforcement learning,” Robotics and Autonomous Systems, vol. 179, 2024.
[18] E. Su, C. Jia, Y. Qin, W. Zhou, A. Macaluso, B. Huang, and
X. Wang, “Sim2real manipulation on unknown objects with tactilebased reinforcement learning,” in 2024 IEEE International Conference
on Robotics and Automation (ICRA), 2024, pp. 9234–9241.

[19] D. Yarats, I. Kostrikov, and R. Fergus, “Image augmentation is all
you need: Regularizing deep reinforcement learning from pixels,” in
International Conference on Learning Representations, 2021.
[20] F. Sadeghi and S. Levine, “CAD2 RL: Real single-image flight without
a single real image,” in Robotics: Science and Systems XIII, 2017.
[21] S. James, P. Wohlhart, M. Kalakrishnan, D. Kalashnikov, A. Irpan,
J. Ibarz, S. Levine, R. Hadsell, and K. Bousmalis, “ Sim-To-Real
via Sim-To-Sim: Data-Efficient Robotic Grasping via Randomized-ToCanonical Adaptation Networks ,” in 2019 IEEE/CVF Conference on
Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), 2019, pp. 12 619–
12 629.
[22] D. Tirumala, M. Wulfmeier, B. Moran, S. Huang, J. Humplik,
G. Lever, T. Haarnoja, L. Hasenclever, A. Byravan, N. Batchelor,
N. sreendra, K. Patel, M. Gwira, F. Nori, M. Riedmiller, and N. Heess,
“Learning robot soccer from egocentric vision with deep reinforcement
learning,” in 8th Annual Conference on Robot Learning, 2024.
[23] B. Mildenhall, P. P. Srinivasan, M. Tancik, J. T. Barron, R. Ramamoorthi, and R. Ng, “Nerf: Representing scenes as neural radiance fields
for view synthesis,” Communications of the ACM, vol. 65, no. 1, pp.
99–106, 2021.
[24] A. Byravan, J. Humplik, L. Hasenclever, A. Brussee, F. Nori,
T. Haarnoja, B. Moran, S. Bohez, F. Sadeghi, B. Vujatovic, and
N. Heess, “Nerf2real: Sim2real transfer of vision-guided bipedal
motion skills using neural radiance fields,” in 2023 IEEE International
Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA), 2023, pp. 9362–
9369.
[25] NVIDIA, “Isaac Sim - Robotics Simulation and Synthetic Data Generation.” [Online]. Available: https://developer.nvidia.com/isaac-sim
[26] Q. Yu, M. Moghani, K. Dharmarajan, V. Schorp, W. C. H. Panitch,
J. Liu, K. Hari, H. Huang, M. Mittal, K. Goldberg, and A. Garg,
“Orbit-surgical: An open-simulation framework for learning surgical
augmented dexterity,” in 2024 IEEE International Conference on
Robotics and Automation (ICRA), 2024, pp. 15 509–15 516.
[27] K. He, X. Zhang, S. Ren, and J. Sun, “Deep residual learning for
image recognition,” in 2016 IEEE Conference on Computer Vision
and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), 2016, pp. 770–778.
[28] J. Deng, W. Dong, R. Socher, L.-J. Li, K. Li, and L. Fei-Fei,
“Imagenet: A large-scale hierarchical image database,” in 2009 IEEE
Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR),
2009, pp. 248–255.
[29] R. M. Shah and V. Kumar, “Rrl: Resnet as representation for reinforcement learning,” in the 38th International Conference on Machine
Learning, vol. 139, 2021, pp. 9465–9476.
[30] J. Schulman, F. Wolski, P. Dhariwal, A. Radford, and O. Klimov,
“Proximal policy optimization algorithms,” arXiv preprint
arXiv:1707.06347, 2017.
[31] F. Xue, Y. Chang, T. Wang, Y. Zhou, and A. Ming, “Indoor obstacle
discovery on reflective ground via monocular camera,” International
Journal of Computer Vision, vol. 132, no. 3, pp. 987–1007, 2024.
[32] LESU Model Technology Co., Ltd., “Lesu - manufacturer
specialized in manufacturing simulation models.” [Online]. Available:
https://www.rclesu.com/
[33] D. Makoviichuk and V. Makoviychuk, “rl-games: A high-performance
framework for reinforcement learning,” May 2021. [Online].
Available: https://github.com/Denys88/rl games
[34] NVIDIA, “Omniverse isaac gym reinforcement learning
environments for isaac sim,” 2022. [Online]. Available:
https://github.com/isaac-sim/OmniIsaacGymEnvs

